docs: clarify load rerun behavior (#10508)
sveltejs/kit: documentation/docs/20-core-concepts/20-load.md

- It references a property of `params` whose value has changed
- It references a property of `url` (such as `url.pathname` or `url.search`) whose value has changed. Properties in `request.url` are _not_ tracked

> - It references `url.searchParams`. Any changes to the URL will cause `load` to be rerun regardless if the value of `url.searchParams` has changed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It references `url.searchParams`. Any changes to the URL will cause `load` to be rerun regardless of whether the search param has changed.
```
